Run At Full Speed
Episode 13
Galloping After Our Dreams
Dia-chan...
McQueen-san...
Excuse me? You wanna run at Arima?
Yeah.
But even if you do... you're kinda...
Your times haven't been improving.
And your first race in the
year would be in the G1.
Are you sure you wanna do this?
It's not about whether I want to.
I'm gonna win! No matter what.
You're serious, huh?
Yeah.
Okay. If that's what you want, it's my job
to support you with everything I've got.
More than anything else, I wanna
see Tokai Teio running again.
Trainer!
Teio-san!
If there's anything we can
do to help, let us know!
As the team's second leader, I can
lend you as many hands as I've got.
We owe you plenty, after all.
That's true.
Thanks, guys!
I'm gonna do my best.
Hey, looks like 1st place in the fan vote...
Arima Kinen Fan Vote Final Results!
Which Horse Girl Will Take the Last GI Race of the Year?!
Biwa Hayahide
Winning Ticket
went to Biwa Hayahide, after all.
Of course it did.
She's never placed lower than second...
and she dominated at the Kikkashou.
Arima Kinen Fan Vote Results Announced
Winning Ticket and Rice Shower were picked, too.
This is going to be one hell of a lineup!
Hey, Tokai Teio made fourth place!
Oh, then Teio's going to run at Arima?!
Teio!
Getting 4th place in a fan ranking
after not running for a whole year...
Tokai Teio is seriously popular.
Teio's
I can't wait to see her race again.
Well, even if she runs, her odds are rough.
It's been a whole year since she last raced,
and she's up against seven
other G1 horse girls...
Arima Kinen Fan Vote Results Announced
Not to mention no horse girl has ever won
their first race after coming
off such a long hiatus.
Here you are!
Teio's
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
More like this.
Arima Kinen Roster
Nakayama Racecourse, turf, 2500 meters
Record-setting Kikkashou winner. Major favorite!
Biwa Hayahide
The challenger! And Japan Cup Winner
Relic Earth
This year's Derby winner
Winning Ticket
The Ebon Stayer
Rice Shower
3rd place in the Arima Kinen for two years running
Nice Nature
Mid & Long-Distance Expert
Machikane Tannhäuser
Returning after a year-long absence
Tokai Teio
The Ebon Stayer
Rice Shower
3rd place in the Arima Kinen for two years running
Nice Nature
Mid & Long Distance Expert
Machikane Tannhäuser
Returning after a year-long absence
Tokai Teio
Will it be a streak? Last year's Arima Kinen winner
Mejiro Palmer
The Oaks Champion
Pella
And now, it's my turn.
So watch me, McQueen.
Teio...
When I go beyond giving
everything I've got...
I won't even reach the starting line
unless I give everything I've got.
But...
Win the Arima Kinen!!
I want to win!
It's that time once again.
As the new year draws closer,
here at the Nakayama Racecourse,
a simmering intensity from
the crowds and the track is
enough to push back the seasonal cold.
It's time for the G1 Arima Kinen!
It certainly is. And with such
a remarkable lineup this year,
I think we're looking at an amazing race.
Every year, the horse girls invited to run
in this race are chosen by fan ballot.
There's always something
in the air during Arima...
It really does feel like
the year is wrapping up.
And this year, we have eight remarkable
contenders vying for this G1 title!
Good point.
There's no doubt in my mind that this will
be a fitting race to conclude the year!
Arima Kinen
Who do you see winning this, Hosoe-san?
I'm inclined to think it'll be
a competitor from BNW
who's here to represent
the next generation.
I think we can also look forward
to seeing Mejiro Palmer
continue her outrunning spree early on.
Thanks for the input. Will we see a changing
of the guard at this year's Arima Kinen?
The horse girls will soon
be taking to the track.
Teio! You got a second?
Oh, what's up?
Prez?
Thank you, Trainer.
Don't mention it.
You haven't worn that since the derby.
Yeah. I wanted to run in this today.
I see.
Listen, can I ask you something weird?
Did you ever do anything special when
you wanted to win, no matter what?
That's a tough one.
Everyone who enters a race wants to win it.
They've built themselves
up in pursuit of victory...
Gaining strength, focusing,
all of it aimed toward competition.
But in spite of that, no matter
how good your condition is,
there's always room for surprises.
Anything can happen in a race.
That said...
If you have something you believe in,
something that you will never yield on...
That's one thing no one else can affect.
Did that help at all?
Tokai Teio
Yeah! Thanks, Prez.
The horse girls are taking to
the turf one after another.
Is she a heel, or is she a hero?
It's the blessing star, Rice Shower.
She put on an amazing display when she upset
Mejiro McQueen to take the Fall Tennoushou.
I'm looking forward to the performance
such a standout stayer puts on for us.
And here we have the winner of last
year's Arima Kinen, Mejiro Palmer!
She's a first-rate outrunner horse girl.
If she takes the lead early
on and sets the pace,
we could be looking at a consecutive win.
Then there's Machikane Tannhäuser,
who cuts an imposing figure when
it comes to long distance races.
Nice Nature will also be looking
to relinquish her title of
"Bronze Collector" to win this year's Arima.
Nature-san seems to be in good shape.
Right.
I hope Tannhäuser-san can use the
frustration over her last race
to accomplish something this time around.
I wanted to run in this!
You should take that enthusiasm
and put it into your cheering.
Hey, is there any chance
I could join in still?!
No, there isn't.
Fine...
At the Japan Cup, she managed to outdo
famous competitors from around the globe,
scoring Relic Earth a significant victory.
And across from her is one of the symbols
of the next generation, Winning Ticket.
All you need to say is that she's
this year's Derby horse girl.
I'm going to be paying attention to see
if she lives up to those expectations.
A good point.
And here's Tokai Teio, returning to
the turf after a year-long absence.
Despite the long hiatus, she's the fourth
most popular contender in the Arima Kinen!
A lot of people have been
waiting for her return.
You can tell how strong the support
for her is with that high ranking.
Everybody looks so strong...
You can't get intimidated, Kita-chan!
Teio-san has to do a good job
for McQueen-san's take, too!
Y-You're right.
And here we have today's
star runner, Biwa Hayahide.
One hundred percent of her races have
had her in the top two!
The undisputed most popular racer! Will she
be able to live up to the fans' expectations?
She's shown even greater
development since summer.
I think anyone looking to beat
her will have their hands full.
I'm back.
Teio...
Nature?
I don't know what kind
of condition you're in,
and I don't care how you're going to run.
All I care about is clearing the goal
before you, and before anyone else.
Yeah. I'm not losing to anyone else, either.
Let's make this a good race.
Oh, and...
Welcome back, Teio.
It's good to be back.
You're out there watching, right?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
I'm frightened.
Too frightened to watch...
I want to believe in Teio.
But... if she were to lose, I'd...
The fanfare is now echoing
throughout the stands.
The Arima Kinen determines
who ends the year on top...
And the horse girls are
entering their brackets.
Each one of them is solemnly focused
on living up to their fans' hopes,
waiting for the moment that the gate opens.
And on the far side gate,
Mejiro Palmer is now in position.
All fourteen competitors
are now in their brackets.
It's the last G1 race of the year,
the Arima Kinen!
And they're off!
Mejiro Palmer is out in front,
with a good start!
These horse girls all seem
to have made a smooth start!
You can see why these fourteen were selected!
A fine group of competitors!
Teio's running...
Yeah.
Teio...
I'm glad I got to see this.
Who from BNW is gonna win today?
Probably Biwa Hayahide.
The last time Tokai Teio raced
was last year's Arima Kinen...
It's been 364 days since then.
Her return came after a long blank.
What's brought that on?
There's never been a single horse girl
that has won a G1 race
after such a long hiatus!
Do you think she can pull it off?
You're really gonna ask that?
She came in 11th last year.
My bad.
Of course it'll be hard!
But Teio-san's still running!
She's right!
Yep.
There really is nothing like a real race!
I can feel them around me...
feel how much they want to win...
I can sense all kinds of stuff!
I wanted to get a bigger lead,
but they're right on my tail!
But my legs are still good to go!
I might've given up the Kikkashou,
but this time I'm winning!
I'll win this race,
and win cheers and adulation!
I don't wanna lose!
I have to cross the goal in first place,
not second, and definitely not third!
I can be the star, too!
Coming around the fourth corner,
they're in front of the stands.
But... I can't lose! I won't lose!
These fourteen elite racers are bathed
in cheers as they make their way onward.
Mejiro Palmer is still in the lead.
Biwa Hayahide is currently in fourth place,
with Rice Shower moving up on the outside.
Tokai Teio seems to be a
bit further to the back.
One has to wonder how she's feeling,
running after an entire year.
Teio...
Come on! You can do this, Teio!
I wonder how she's doing?
She tended to drift a little
to the right during practice.
You saw how much she trained! She'll be fine!
She didn't manage to get back to
where she used to be in time.
But we'll still be cheering for
you until the very end, Teio!
The horse girls are now entering
the home stretch of the first lap.
The chosen 14 are running in front
of the entire Nakayama crowd.
Tokai Teio-san...
Tokai Teio can't win?!
The hell are you saying, boss?!
Look at how hard she's trying!
Anybody can try hard.
If that's all it took to win, life'd be easy.
If Teio pulls this off, I'll shave my head.
The 14 racers are now coming around the
second corner and entering the backstretch!
Let's check their position.
Mejiro Palmer in the lead, with Vice Stone
in second, and Relic Earth in third.
Biwa Hayahide is in fourth, and behind
her are Winning Ticket and Rice Shower.
The returning Tokai Teio followed by Pella,
Ferment Win, Nice Nature,
Duo Priwen, Spur Mover,
Avec Dream, and Machikane
Tannhäuser at the moment!
As expected, the early lead is going
to the Mejiro clan's star outrunner,
Mejiro Palmer.
That's true. But this year, all thirteen
of her competitors are within ten lengths.
There's still no telling who
could move up in position.
So watch me, McQueen.
She managed to outrun the competition to
the end during last year's Arima Kinen.
It's now a question of who's
going to take action,
as they begin to enter the third corner.
I'm gonna win!
I'm going to win!
I have to... I have to!
The racers are making their
way into the fourth corner.
Biwa Hayahide and Winning Ticket
are steadily moving up...
Is Relic Earth making her move?
Whoa! And it looks like Biwa
Hayahide is taking off!
The winner of the Kikkashou, Biwa Hayahide,
is making her way forward in the ranks!
Mejiro Palmer is passed! Biwa Hayahide
is now in the lead! She's in first!
Biwa Hayahide is strong enough
to justify her popularity!
Is there any horse girl here
who can keep up with her?!
Will it be Rice Shower? Nice Nature?
What about Winning Ticket?!
You're not getting away from me!
Tokai Teio is closing in!
Wait... Tokai Teio is closing in?!
My lungs hurt.
But I don't care if they burst!
My legs are so heavy.
But they're still moving!
I lost my way so many times!
Back then... And then...
More than anyone else!
I've felt frustrated more than anyone else!
And I want to win more than anyone else!
So I'm not letting you win!
No matter what... No matter what!
No matter what, I'm winning!
Go...
Go!
Go! Run!
Let's do this!
It's Tokai Teio! Tokai Teio is moving up!
She's closing in on Biwa Hayahide's lead!
There's 200 meters left! Tokai Teio
hasn't been on the track in a year!
Will she be able to catch
up to Biwa Hayahide?!
She's giving everything she has to move up!
Teio-san!
Teio!
Tokai Teio chases!
But Biwa Hayahide won't be caught!
One length between them!
Go!
But that last gap doesn't seem
to shrink for Tokai Teio!
Biwa Hayahide isn't budging!
She's demonstrating the strength
that set a record at the Kikkashou!
Go!
She won't let Tokai Teio pass!
Go for it!
But Tokai Teio is still closing in!
Go!
Having returned to the track,
Teio slowly crosses the gap!
There's 100 meters in the race!
Only 100 meters to go!
Go!
Go... Go!
This is the last battle! Will Tokai Teio
be able to catch up to Biwa Hayahide?!
Will it be the symbol of the new generation,
Biwa Hayahide, or the revived Tokai Teio?!
Nakayama... Nakayama is
shaking for the Arima Kinen!
Which of these two will seize victory?!
It's Tokai Teio! Tokai Teio passes her!
Tokai Teio takes a slight lead!
Go!
But it's a narrow one! Biwa Hayahide
will be looking to catch up!
Go!
Is it going to be Tokai Teio
or Biwa Hayahide?!
Go!
Tokai Teio and Biwa Hayahide!
Tokai Teio! Biwa Hayahide!
Will the Derby winner hold strong?!
Tokai Teio! Tokai Teio is in the lead!
Tokai Teio makes a miraculous return!
I did it.
After an entire year...
Tokai Teio has managed to win
this race. It's a miracle.
She has demonstrated nothing
less than a miracle on this day!
Who could have imagined it?!
For the first time since last year's
Arima Kinen, Tokai Teio has raced...
And she has managed to defeat
thirteen other challengers!
Hosoe-san, this has been a huge shock!
Arima Kinen
I can't believe what I just saw.
We're looking at a historic moment.
I have to agree.
Winning a G1 race after such
a significant hiatus...
It's something that's never been done before!
Three fractures left doubt
if she'd ever run again,
and after being told she was done for,
Tokai Teio has grasped a historic
victory through an indomitable spirit!
It was truly a remarkable win,
against an incredible G1 lineup,
after such a long time.
This was a race that defied the
expectations of the Twinkle Series.
Biwa Hayahide seemed to have things wrapped
up entering the final straightaway,
but Tokai Teio's almost obsessive acceleration
forced her into second place.
Nakayama
Results
Turf: Good
Time:
There was a lineup of horse girls today
where any one of them could have won,
but in the end, Tokai Teio's dedication
is what let her come out on top.
Nice Nature put on an admirable performance,
Teio! Teio! Teio!
but will sadly have to settle
for third place again this year.
Oh, and there's a Teio chant!
The same one heard on the
day of the Japan Derby!
No, I think it might be even louder!
It echoes throughout the Nakayama Racecourse!
Tokai Teio has dazzled
all of these fans today!
Overturning all expectations and casting
the very notion of submission aside,
she has given rise to a new
legend in the Arima Kinen!
Teio...
Teio might have just outdone the Emperor!
I guess prodigies really do exist,
as frustrating as that might be!
Teio! Teio! Teio!
Thanks, guys.
You... holy... Tei...
We can't even tell what you're saying!
You did it, Teio!
Teio-san, congratulations!
Suzuka-san is happy, too!
Yeah. Thanks.
Huh? She's not answering?
It really was a wonderful race.
Congratulations, Teio.
Suzuka-san?! Why?!
I wanted to cheer her on
in person, so I flew in.
Suzuka-san!
You should've told me you were coming!
Did you see that?
Yes... I did.
Thank you, Teio!
McQueen—
What!? What is all this?!
Hey, you guys are kinda heavy!
Congratulations, Teio!
Congratulations!
Congratulations.
Thanks, Rice.
I wanna run to a dream with you,
over and over, until we see
what's beyond victory!
We're young, so let's have a good time
No matter how tough it gets, if you enjoy yourself,
the crowds will cheer you on!
Full points for spirit!
I think if I was on my own,
I never would've realized
There's no room for "impossible"
in my dictionary!
Just like a puzzle,
you have the future, now, and yesterday!
No more!
Not gonna lose our way!
Let's go!
And we're never gonna stop!
I wanna run to a dream with you,
pushing each other to always get better!
With endless power, I can be!
And even if I fall, I'll get up once again!
Try! Always at full power!
The future all depends on you!
We'll zip right past expectations
Leaving them behind and making
an unforgettable miracle real!
Come on!
We're sharing the same dream!
The sun is high in my heart!
And you better never forget!
I wanna run to a dream with you,
where our hopes will always be waiting!
I'll be up there one day.
This is why I told you to go to
bed early before important days!
I mean, come on! I was too
nervous to sleep, anyway!
Entrance Ceremony
Entrance
Ceremony
We're finally here, Dia-chan.
Yeah. Let's work hard together, Kita-chan.
I apologize for the wait.
Nah. No apologies necessary.
We can finally race each other.
Yes.
Two thousand and four hundred meters on turf.
Clear weather. Track condition, good.
Just don't cry if you lose, okay?
You're up against the strongest
horse girl, after all.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm